ACADEMIC HONESTY PLEDGE

I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating. —
Sophocles

“Academic honesty” means demonstrating and upholding the highest
integrity and honesty in all the academic work that you do as an
individual (not in a group assignment). In short, it means doing your
own work and not cheating, and not presenting the work of others as
your own. This includes cheating, deception, fabrication, and
plagiarism. At this point in your academic career you should know what
is right and what is not. If you are unclear about what constitutes
academic honesty you must talk to the professor of this course.

Academic honesty is taken seriously as part of being a member of the
CICS community. As an active member of this course you are required to
sign a pledge that you will uphold the values and trust of our
community and commit to honesty and integrity in all assignments,
exams, and activities. This pledge also acknowledges the consequences
of breaking this trust and accepting the results of your actions. If
you are unfamiliar with the academic honesty policy at UMass Amherst
you should review the following material before you sign this pledge.

* Academic Honesty Guide for Students (https://cutt.ly/lIsPRkV)
* Academic Honesty Policy and Procedures (https://cutt.ly/8IsPnXO)
* Student Handbook (https://cutt.ly/6IsPbcn)

The pledge:

On my honor as a member of the CICS community and this course, I will
maintain the highest level of honesty, integrity, and personal
responsibility. This means I will not lie, cheat, or steal and as a
member of this academic community, I am committed to creating an
environment of respect and mutual trust. I pledge that I will neither
give nor receive unauthorized assistance on any assignment, exam, or
activity. I am fully familiar with University Policies on Academic
Honesty (https://cutt.ly/AIsIO5p) and understand that my professor
will enforce those policies, to the letter, as described in the
Student Handbook (https://cutt.ly/tIsIBsC). If I break this trust, I
fully acknowledge and accept the consequences of my actions, without
negotiation, an informal resolution (https://cutt.ly/7IsOApk) and an F
in this course.
